


1.An example that you need to go outside your responsibility to do something, what are the results, before and after
Maintain and deploy the chl framework which is rewritten in .net Framework. Learn online courses and schedule meeting with the creator to
learn the process develop .NET framework. Be responsible for all the work(take ownership). I think learning the new technology .NET mvc 
framework and using visual studio. Change some front end links and change some of the web services values.


2. Pass deadline, how did you handle that.
Build 

3. Disagree with teammate or manager

4. The biggest mistake you made and what did you learn from it? 
Move the jsp file into secured location, previously all the jsps are under web content folder, we need to move them to either web-inf folder
or public folder. It took me several rounds to move the jsps, I moved those module by module. And every round seems to be fine during the 
testing. The last round was to move the public jsps to public folder and I did the similar thing as previously. After I move those jsp and
deploy them to test enviroment. The next morning, i have been receiving the email and hearing teammates talking about that the test 
environment can not be accessed. At first I thought it was related to configuration, so I did not care about it too much and continue my 
work in my local enviroment. But in the afternoon my team lead came to ask me what I have done for yesterdays jsps, why am i moving the
login.jsp, it took them the whole morning to trouble shoot the problem and there is a databse property point to that page and i didnt change
the mapping for that property. I just realize that i have done something really bad for the teams.
So in order to save time, I didnt revert the change back,(bias for action) I just use previous build version to deploy to the test environment and found out
everything started to work. I then send out a email to the entire team explained the reason and appologize that the issue is related to
the changes I have made. And let them know they can start to perform their work now. I have learned that never neglect the details.

5. A time that you stand against everyone in the team, you go ahead and implement it anyway
High Memory issue. We found the xtrain slow, tech lead wants me to find out where we are having the duplicated queries get excecuted,
I was not sure how to do that, she told me that maybe I can put a debug point in the db class and check how many times when the user
click the query get executed. I took this approach first, but by doing this it is really easy to make you lost and some repeated query get 
executed for 20 times. And I dont feel that it is a engineer way to solve the problem. Then I remember during one techform meeting, 
someone introduced a data proxy project which can showthe queries that after user click. So I wrote an email to the person from the 
other team and ask him about the way to implement it in my local. It took me half of the day to figure out the configuration settings, but 
after using the data proxy, everything is wrote into log, and it makes my life much easier to find out the duplicated query. And I found 
out the duplicated query and reduce the number of db connections by 25%. reduce response time by 10%.

6. Set a goal for yourself but failed to achieve it

7. Received critical feedback, how did you respond, how did you use the lesson you learned here to somewhere else
I was doing a ticket that our product owner need to know the situation in our application that we are using the database column external_org_id
I was assigned this ticket, I was doing an impact analasys of this column in our code base and database records, and I put everything
into a excel sheet, like this query contained the column name and it is used. And in order not to miss any of the data, I did the impact
analasis twice. But at the time I let my tech lead review the my analysis, she is not satisfied with my work. She told me that this ticket
is for product owner and they do not know the codes, if they view my report, they can get no information because all I wrote was based
on the code. I just realize that I did not figure out the requirement clearly. So again I reevaluate the process and use debug point
to trigger the database query. And wrote the business flow as the result.

I learned that I should really figure out the requirement before I start to do the work. And after that, each time when I do a work, I will
imagine that I am the costomer and think about on behalf them. Especially when I am working on the production issues, sometimes when I get 
ticket at the end of the day, I will also take my time to look into it, because I imagine myself as customer, they can not perform their 
daily work due to the issue, so I have to fix them as early as possible.

8. Tell me about a time where you thought of a clever new way to save money for the company.
Everytime when we do a release, we will need to run the netsparker to scan vulnability issues. But our netsparker is desktop version and
it is installed on a remote desktop, so every team needs to login to remote server to run the scan, if many people login simutanesly, the 
performance will be very slow, and we need to insert our PIV card to perform the remote access, so the problem will be most of time we need
to stay at the company late if the process is not finished. Then I find out that there is an enterprise cloud version of the netsparker.
We can login web page to perform the scan. So I bringup the idea to the planning meeting and team our product manager bring my idea to 
archticture team. And I did a comparision between the desktop version and cloud version and wrote the report to show the advantage the 
cloud version can help us. In the end the architecture team decided to use netsparker cloud version for the whole teams.

9. Tell me about a time when you had to dive deep into the data and the results you achieved.
Build xtrain access control, use production code to verify in my local.

10. disagree with boss?
High memory issue, instead of checking log, use memory dump.

11. what you’d do after you realized you couldn’t hit the date?

12. How you deal with a coworker who dont like you, who you dont like.
I will always provide help when they need, and I will be patient with them.

13. 有没有觉得能比requirement做的更好的经历 - extra work, customer 有类似故事
Build the access control, originally it was assigned to me and another developer to finish, but when the sprint started, the other developer
decided to leave the current position, which means I have to finish both by myself. My tech lead told me not to hurry, if I can not finish 
just dont push, because the mistake will prevent the user doing their behavior. But I dont want to the whole release be delayed by my work, 
so I did a good plan for this ticket. There is no document I can refer to, it took me lots of time to figure our the business flows
(meeting with product owner, BA, senior engineer), and compare the behavior in production code. And seperate the whole task into two parts,
to let the tester have enough time to test each flow. Finally we finish before the release data and deliver the result into the production
Because we lack of document, I also created the document and put it into the confluence page to let the other new people can get familiar 
with the system quicker.

14. Tell me a time when you created an innovative product.
Use data source proxy to find duplicated query and reduce the number of the database connections.

15. tell me about a time when you are wrong
By solving the high memory issue, use memory dump. Duplicated query use data wrapper proxy.


16. ARE RIGHT, A LOT --.Tell me about a time when you could have stopped working but persisted.
Work is to write the code, for different agency we send out different email template. After I finished the coing, all the logic works
correct, but the problem is that the email send out process we have exception. Because we are calling the enotification service to send
out the email, I can not debug their application. So I was not sure about the reason. I asked my tech lead, she told me it is data
related, she said the data I am using is modified by others. But what she said can not convince me which makes me feel uncomfortable,
Then I start to check the logs for the issue and found out that the exception did happened when we send out the email, and I go to 
production log and observed the same issues. because my tech lead is always busy every day, so I wait her until the end of the day, and 
told her my findings in production and she does not believe me at the first time, she said everything was tested before the release. Then 
explained my findings in prod logs, she then sat down to trouble shot with me, she go through different steps and found out that the email
sending exception start to show up begin at the previous release, it means people are not getting email since then. It is a very serious
issue we have to do a quick release the next day. And meantime I collected all the emails in the mail log table, and report the list for
the next morning. Our team product owner decided to send emails to those user to notify them about the issue.

I think that is a good catch, because if I did not insist on, we are not gong to know that we have issue sending the emails.



17. sacrifice short term for long term solution
Build xtrain web.xml clean up, didnt give all the roles. Long term consideration.

THINK BIG: Tell me about a time when you proposed a new business.

18. Describe how you would handle a busy situation where three people are waiting for help from you.
(1) RPPR U01 release.
(2) 

19. Tell me a time when you earned trust of a group.
Solving the production issue,build access control

20. Tell me about a time when you had to dive deep into the data and the results you achieved.
High memory.
Production support database 2 record.

21. Tell me about the most difficult interaction you had at work.
High memory issue.
email fail sending

22. Tell me about a time where you overcame an obstacle and delivered results.
U01 rppr short time
xtrain access control

If you do it again, would do it in a different way

Major contribution

Didn't respond to other people's request, how did the other person perceive this

Have a deadline, just won't be able to finish for all sorts of reasons

Colleague think it's good enough, but you keep on making improvement

Insist on making improvement to something is already satisfied by customers

Temporary patch works short term but might hurt in the long run

Other team mate doesn't cooperate

If they keep bugging you, taking too much of your time, prevent you from doing you current work
